README.md, before:

observations
============

[/observations](http://lcogt.net/observations)
=============

This is the part of the [LCOGT](http://lcogt.net/) site that aims to ensure every observation taken by a public user of the network has a permanent web presence. The aim is to provide access through [RESTful](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer) URLs. Observations can be viewed in a variety of ways:

* [/observations/coj/2m0a/55996](http://lcogt.net/observations/coj/2m0a/55996) - a specific observation
* [/observations/coj/2m0a](http://lcogt.net/observations/coj/2m0a) - all results for a specific telescope at a site (0m4a, 1m0a, 2m0a)
* [/observations/coj](http://lcogt.net/observations/coj) - all results for a specific site using the 3 letter site codes
* [/observations/recent](http://lcogt.net/observations/recent) - the most recent observations
* [/observations/popular](http://lcogt.net/observations/popular) - the all-time most popular observations
* [/observations/trending](http://lcogt.net/observations/trending) - a combination of popularity and recency
* [/observations/user/4658](http://lcogt.net/observations/user/4658) - all results for a specific user (RTI ID numbers)
* [/observations/category](http://lcogt.net/observations/category) - a list of [AVM](http://www.virtualastronomy.org/avm_metadata.php) categories
* [/observations/category/galaxies](http://lcogt.net/observations/category/galaxies) - all results for major [AVM](http://www.virtualastronomy.org/avm_metadata.php) categories
* [/observations/category/5.5.2](http://lcogt.net/observations/category/5.5.2) - all results for a specific [AVM](http://www.virtualastronomy.org/avm_metadata.php) category
* [/observations/map](http://lcogt.net/observations/map) - a heat map of observations within the past month
* [/observations/object/M42](http://lcogt.net/observations/object/M42) - named astronomical objects have a breakdown of their exposure times

Groups of observations can be viewed in a variety of formats:

* HTML - the default
* HTML-based slideshow - add `/show` to the URL
* [JSON](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON) and [JSON-p](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSONP): add `.json` or `.json?callback=blah` to the URL
* [KML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keyhole_Markup_Language): add `.kml` to the URL
* [RSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSS): add `.rss` to the URL


docker stuff
============

A production deployment of this app requires two docker containers -- one for the dynamic django app (run via uwsgi),
and the other for the static content (run via nginx).

These environment variables can be set to modify the behavior of this application:

* PREFIX: determines the root URI stem for the application.  Default is '/observations'
* DEBUG: enables debug within the django app, and displays logging outout.  Default is disabled.

To build the docker image for this app, just 'make' it.  Note that the created build will be git-branch specific.
That is, if you have the 'release' branch checked out, and you 'make && make install', you will build a
docker image which contains the release code and carries the '_release' label.  Likewise for the 'test' branch, or
any other branch.

Once the image is created, run the app via ./docker/bin/run.sh.

When testing is complete, push the image to the lcogt docker hub repository via 'make install'

Commit message:

Configure to use the PREFIX environment variable
The Docker installation can now use the PREFIX environment variable to
set the location that the application will expect to be served from.

For example, setting PREFIX="" (the default), the application will
expect to be served from the URL http://hostname/. If instead you set
the PREFIX="/observations", the application will expect to be served
from the URL http://hostname/observations/.

This is especially useful when using the Docker container to serve just
one section of a larger website.

README.md, after:

observations
============

This is the part of the [LCOGT](http://lcogt.net/) site that aims to ensure
every observation taken by a public user of the network has a permanent web
presence. The aim is to provide access through
[RESTful](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer) URLs.
Observations can be viewed in a variety of ways:

* [/observations/coj/2m0a/55996](http://lcogt.net/observations/coj/2m0a/55996) - a specific observation
* [/observations/coj/2m0a](http://lcogt.net/observations/coj/2m0a) - all results for a specific telescope at a site (0m4a, 1m0a, 2m0a)
* [/observations/coj](http://lcogt.net/observations/coj) - all results for a specific site using the 3 letter site codes
* [/observations/recent](http://lcogt.net/observations/recent) - the most recent observations
* [/observations/popular](http://lcogt.net/observations/popular) - the all-time most popular observations
* [/observations/trending](http://lcogt.net/observations/trending) - a combination of popularity and recency
* [/observations/user/4658](http://lcogt.net/observations/user/4658) - all results for a specific user (RTI ID numbers)
* [/observations/category](http://lcogt.net/observations/category) - a list of [AVM](http://www.virtualastronomy.org/avm_metadata.php) categories
* [/observations/category/galaxies](http://lcogt.net/observations/category/galaxies) - all results for major [AVM](http://www.virtualastronomy.org/avm_metadata.php) categories
* [/observations/category/5.5.2](http://lcogt.net/observations/category/5.5.2) - all results for a specific [AVM](http://www.virtualastronomy.org/avm_metadata.php) category
* [/observations/map](http://lcogt.net/observations/map) - a heat map of observations within the past month
* [/observations/object/M42](http://lcogt.net/observations/object/M42) - named astronomical objects have a breakdown of their exposure times

Groups of observations can be viewed in a variety of formats:

* HTML - the default
* HTML-based slideshow - add `/show` to the URL
* [JSON](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON) and [JSON-p](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSONP): add `.json` or `.json?callback=blah` to the URL
* [KML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keyhole_Markup_Language): add `.kml` to the URL
* [RSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSS): add `.rss` to the URL

Docker stuff
============

A production deployment of this application requires only a single container,
which contains both uwsgi (for the Python Django application) and nginx (to
serve the static content).

The following environment variables are available to customize the behavior
of the container:

* PREFIX - determines the root URI for the application (default: "")
* DEBUG - enables debugging within the Django application (default: False)

To build and run the Docker image for this application, just run:

    $ docker build -t observations_test .
    $ docker run -p 8888:80 --name obs -e PREFIX=/observations -m 256m observations_test

To build a production Docker image:

    $ docker build -t registry.lcogt.net/observations:release
    $ docker push registry.lcogt.net/observations:release
